[Applause]
please welcome actors writers producers
and comedian Jerry Seinfeld
thank you very much thank you yeah we
remember thank you I am so happy to be
here for JJ you and I met in Newport
Beach California in 1978 I was 23 years
old he was my idol I had watched him on
TV and I couldn't believe I was meeting
him and we've been friends for whatever
38 years since then and he has really
guided my career in a lot of ways
especially as a stand-up comedian
he taught me what it was to be a
professional and to be clean and to work
hard on your stuff so I'm very happy to
be here and that Jay is winning this
prize there was no one more deserving to
get this wonderful award obviously than
Jay no one except accept and I I really
don't want to sound bitter here but
maybe me I mean we're here to honor Jay
but I mean come on we're gonna honor Jay
let's just trudge through it okay I
remember
J from the old days I remember all the
great bits we used to do we used to have
so many great bits he had this great bit
about lifesavers I don't remember it I
had a bit at that time that I used to do
about pain medications where I used to
say why or every pain medication
extra-strength there's no more strength
everything is extra strength some people
aren't satisfied with extra strength
they want maximum strength figure out
the maximum allowable human dosage
figure out what will kill me and back it
off a little bit
I need the maximum but that's my act
we're here tonight to honor Jay Leno for
the Mark Twain prize and this may or may
not be the proper miliar for me to bring
it up but no one has really asked me to
receive this prize I don't understand
what the hell and that's fine because
this is Jay's night which reminds me of
a bit Jay used to do about 7-eleven when
Jay was always an honest comedian when
he would talk about something on stage
it was because he really was irritated
about it and and I learned from that and
that's why I do stuff like this I think
it's weird that we use the term mail for
email and the postal service what is the
similarity in email a digital fiber
optic hyper speed network versus this
dazed and confused distant branch of the
Cub Scouts
bumbling around the streets and
embarrassing shorts and jackets with
meaningless patches and victory medals
driving for miles an hour twenty feet at
a time on the wrong side of a mentally
handicapped Jeep I love that the post
office has this emotional financial
meltdown every three-and-a-half years
that their business model from 1630
isn't working anymore
I cannot understand how a 21st century
information system based on licking
walking and a random number of pennies
is struggling to compete
and they always push the Postmaster
General out on TV to explain their
difficulties and he's he's all freaked
out he's got rings under his eyes no
shave we can't make this work anymore
the infrastructure is killing us we
gotta go up a penny on the steps we're
just trying to make it to the end of the
mud and we're all sitting there at home
going hey dude relax we don't even know
how much a stamp is anymore forty-eight
forty-nine making a buck you're gonna
get there you got some money left over
buy yourself some pants in a real car
I would say to the Postal Service since
I'm here in Washington if you actually
want to be helpful to us just open the
letters read them and email us what it
says
but that's my act it's got nothing to do
with Jack
in this next clip this is a something
that actually happened at The Tonight
Show one night the electronic power they
lost all power ons when I'd show in
Robin Williams and Billy Crystal showed
there was never an energy shortage with
Robin in the room
[Applause]
[Music]
this is what started the part that made
constant if this started the fire
whatever this is have you guys ever been
in apparel of power failure on a live
television show this is the first first
time together and alive power failure
it's wonderful Jay how much money have
we raised
[Applause]
they'll be great flights down
we know we would start put it down
oh no no no no put it down don't be
afraid
put it down okay okay I'm like Joan
Embry here and I just brought
[Music]
[Applause]
No